Put these on my 2011 can am outlander 800xt, easy to install, and being oem everything just plugged right in , even like the power switch they came with
Don't buy this item  , its not a 4 window roll up , its look nothing like the picture , they sent me some crap,  and the seller is charging me 20 % restocking fee plus I have to pay for shipping , I will never buy from them again , YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ...
I used this rating because I liked the key fob very much but I haven't had achance to install it yet. I don't know yet how it will work or how difficult it will be to install or how well it will work. I think it will be OK though when I do install it..
Use these in addition to an LED license plate on the reverse switch to light up behind my truck. My truck with cap has terrible blind spots while backing up. Now at night I can actually see while backing down the trails. Yes a camera would help as well. As my wife said after I showed her &#34;Im blind!&#34; The pattern is a little spot lite like but in conjuction with the plate lights...outstanding
Replaced by reverse light with these and the are like mini-spot lights now.  They light directly behind me very well.  Very good at being noticed while in reverse.
Tinted windows are great untell you go to back up at night. These lights are much brighter than stock and now I can see backing up. They also cam in a nice pakage .
Hoping the longevity holds up, they seem to be built very tough but that doesn't say how the light itself will work.. They have helped out a lot with my tinted windows I can see pretty good. Plus they look pretty cool too.
The product is exactly as pictured, and is the well-made LED light come to expect from CREE.  Although the price is steep, it's significantly brighter (and a pure white brightness) than the original on my 2001 Volvo S60 reverse lights.  They're the correct fit, they send no faults to my car's automated lamp-out detection.  Only issue is with the radio on and putting into reverse, I suddenly get radio interference which didn't occur with the incandescent bulbs.
This product was bought with some reservation.  We were told by some that we would need to replace our seat covers at the cost of some 2400+$.  But I can say that 75$ later and some 12 hrs. of sweat we now have new seat covers.  Would recommend this product for the DIY person.
I build and restore Jeeps and this product is amazing. Got a sun-bleached center console? Spray a couple coats of this on it and its back to factory like-appearance. It is a match for Jeeps &#34;spice trim color. sweet.
Really really good product. I'm restoring my 1980 camaro and the paint is a great Match for the original finish. Very durable also.
I looked all over my area for a vinyl paint of any sort but all I found was substandard junk that either never dried or flaked off. This SEMS product is the best I've ever used, and an exact color match for my project. It goes on very nicely and dries to a beautiful finish.
I used this product to recolor a 944 dash and it was great. The color appears factory. It has only been a year, but there has been a lot of handling and the dash color still looks new. It works exactly as it says it will.
I used this because someone on a car forum recommended this. I painted my hood scoops on my car with this satin black spray paint and it came out AMAZING. But of course like all paint work, good results come from the prep. If you take your time in sanding your surface, this will come out very smooth. I like how the paint sticks well to the surface. Doesnt run and leaves a nice matte (or satin) finish. I did about 2 coats on my hood scoops and so far 7 months later, after the summer heat, all the rain, the winter weather i'm currently getting, it still looks like the day i painted it. I still have a 1/4 can left but i will buy one again for when i have to touch it up in the future. Def a top notch spray paint.
Awesome paint, I used Max promotor as a prep and the Ford Ranger dash and door panels came out looking good.
I experimented with several paints while changing the interior color of my truck, now I'm having to go back over the areas where I didn't use the SEM paint.  That's sand down and re-prep, lesson learned SEM is where it's at.
I saw this recommended on the Honda Ridgeline owner's forum as a good match to the dark grey (graphite) interiors used on many of the 2006-2014 Honda Ridgelines.This is great stuff. It sprayed on very easily and evenly, with no perceptible surface build up. It's like it magically changes the color without changing any of the texture or surface detail.Although the color is ever so slightly lighter than my factory dash audio bezel and dash control areas, it's close enough to be usable. This is something to consider need to customize your auto interior or repair color, as long as the color matches.
This stuff is not like normal spray paint, it goes on like a stain and provides solid even color on the first coat. It is extremely thin, perfect for keeping the stock texture the same but bad for covering up scratches. Graphite matched my other Ford (color code "T") interior parts pretty well. The paint is durable and the only way you can even tell a part has been painted is that the finish is slightly rougher.Be sure to follow the instructions from SEM's website. It is essential that the part is perfectly clean. Any spot that is not will cause the paint to bubble and will leave a noticeably different texture after it dries. Thin coats are also important, as many as you want.
Everything it says and more. Works great. Love it . Very happy. Shipped right on time. Works great on motorcycle in the rain, kept me perfectly dry in heavy rain going highway speeds. Awesome
the pants are to Large for each size. ask for one less. the quality are excelent and  the materials are warm.
The item arrived earlier than expected and was just as described in the product description. I haven't had touse the rain suit and I hope I never have to. It's the type of thing you buy for &#34;just in case.&#34; The price was right as well.
havent had the chance to use it yet hoping not to but in case i do i know i will be ready
I rode my motorcycle into work this morning in the rain.  It's about a 30 min drive and this morning it rained the whole way.  This suit kept me dry (except for a small part under my right knee, weird).  I'm very impressed with this suit.  I like the looks of it and the heavy duty feel to it.  I wish there was a pocket on tge pants but everything else is amazing! Thank you for this great rain suit!  I'm very happy with the price and the product !
I have only tried it on haven't put it to the test yet under any rainy conditions.I purchased it to use at a golf Tournament. I have used FroggToggs in  the past and was very happy with them, but this time i wanted something more and this seemed to fit the bill. I did not notice it came with no hood, Might have changed my mind if i had noticed, and the fact it has elastic in the back makes for a kind of snug fit which remains to be seen when i use it for the first time which will be in a frew weeks At my next golf tournament. So i will withhold my appraisal till then
Great value for the money. I purchased this rainsuit for the rain, as well as to use for cold-weather commuting. The suit fits true to size (I'm 5'4" and 130lbs and the small fits great). The stirups and elastic on the ankles of the pants are perfect for keeping a tight seal to avoid water (or cold air) from entering. Additionally, the pants have zipper expandable sides to allow for putting them on over my boots. Another plus is the heat shield on the lower inside of the legs...don't even think about buying a suit that doesn't have these (I've seen other suits melt on the exhaust, and then they're worth nothing).I'm not crazy about the jacket for cold weather riding, but it works great in the rain. The problems I have with the jacket are: I don't like the drawcord at the bottom (so I removed it, problem solved); the collar of the jacket is lined w/ corduroy or something, but it scratches my neck (this is the main reason I still wear my TNF jacket for cold weather riding).I ride 365 days a year, as my motorcycle is the only vehicle I own. In the past I've used ski pants and a North Face Gore Text jacket, and they work, but not anywhere near as well as the Joe Rocket RS-2 rainsuit.
The pants are great and I am using them but the jacket is way too short!The elastic belt of the jacket is way to high to be comfortable
Haven't had much chance to use this yet, but the two times it poured here, it kept me dry. No problems at all.
joe rocket is a well known name in motorcycle wear and i am a big guy 52 inches on chest and it has plenty of room for other clothing under neath
This thing keeps me completely dry in the Florida rainstorms. I just wish that A-I could get smaller pants as I'm only 5'4 and B-The pants totally unzipped to make it easier to put on with boots. It does get you warm, but I was surprised at how cool it keeps you while riding. That was a nice plus. I highly recommend and the material is really nice and you will be seen at night in this.
I was pretty excited getting this suit. The size is ok, design good. BUT! The fabric itself is NOT waterproof. What makes it waterproof is the inner rubber layer. Only after 3 or 4 uses the inner layer started to peel off from polyester fabric, leaving non-waterproof areas. What's happening durina rain is that all water that bids from waterproof areas are running inside the pants where the non-waterproof areas are!! This is the second pair of this type of water of protection pants I have and both times it starts peeling in the crotch region, so all the water runs inside my underware. So, while your legs are perfectly dry, your undeware is soaked in water.I am trying rubber pants now, like Helly Hansen Voss pants. I hope those will work...As for the jacket, I haven't wore it yet, but I am fairly sure that the same problem might appear :(UPDATE 3/5/14The pants became useless in rain because the lamination peeled off in crotch region and all water runs inside. I bought Helly Hansen Voss pants and was not dissapointed. Voss is trully waterproof!
This has come in handy on several occasions. The suit works very well. It doesn't flap around in the wind. It has a vent on the back that is adequate but not great. The jacket has a liner but the pants don't. It would have been nice to have. Overall I am pleased with my purchase. This is a great rain suit for the price.
In the second time when I use this rain suit, Pair of pant had holes and i got wet, I was te my money with this suit
got the product,  find out that the pant were kind ofto large for me but the coat fit perfectly.so i bought the medium Joe Rocket RS-2 Rain Suit andthe pants fits me perfectly.  the rain suit is use for bicyclewhen raining.  the suit is 100% waterproof,  but have toput some very warm shirt under the rain suit when it is coldweather.  i am very happy from the product,  i would recommendthis rain suit to anyone that is sick and tire of getting wet from the rain.the velcro ajusting on the coat is really great, does not let the rain goin the coat.  great product.Sincerely,  Steve
Very happy with the joe rocket rain gear. Easy to put on and store on the bike. Have used it several times since my purchase. Great investment!
I thought I would really like it. The first time I used it, the leg zippers jammed, couldn't free them. Zippers and pulls are too fine for this use !!! Hassle getting warranty coverage. Will never buy any of their products again !!!
Cons:When I opened the package I immediately saw defective stitching on the shoulder.  Not sure how this wasn't caught during quality control.  Cost me $10 in shipping to swap with the manufacturer.  Then, after first use the stitching that attaches the suspenders to the waist came apart.  Not worth another $10 to return.The cuffs at the wrists are crazy-huge.  When strapped down to their smallest size the cuff is still waaaay bigger than my entire fist. Very unusual fit.  No way to get a tight fit around any wrist.Pros:Comes with a nice storage pouch.  Bright colored.  Seems water to be tight.
The overall fit is superb and does not restrict body movements in comparison to the ST-6000 in the same size.I'm 5'9&#34; 38&#34; chest and 32&#34; inseam. Long arms.The material is more flexible and lighter than the SR-6000, and the liner in the AS-3000 makes all movements easier.The huge zippered gussets in the legs make getting these pants on over boots a breeze, and the wider cuffs and velcro on teh sleeves also helped immensely.The SR-6000 was a pain in general to get on, especially if your leathers got a little wet before putting on the rainsuit.The longer inseam and better stirrups, plus the addition of suspenders, make movement in the pants a lot less restrictive.The set-and-forget adjustable elastic waist is a lot more comfortable than the permanently tight waist on the SR-6000.I haven't worn this suit in the rain yet, but hopefully rain resistance is as good or better, given the price difference. The material seems to be the same as my Nelson-Rigg Boot Covers, and they remain waterproof after a year of above-average use.
I used it just two times and the second time that I used it the water was filtering into my Jacket, when I got to my home I reviewed the Jacket to know why the water was filtering and surprise!!! The Jacket has some scratches on the PVC backing waterproof.I don't know how it happened because the backing waterproof is inside the jacket...
This rain suit is just what I needed.  The material is breathable and has a mesh inner lining to help airflow.  The pants fit just right and have a reinforced rear end for wear and tear and reinforced inner legs for engine heat.Here's what I was looking for and this suit had it:A full velcro flap on the front of the jacket.A velcro collar with a corduroy liner and a concealed hoodVelcro cuffsA drawstring waist and jacket bottomHighly visible during reduced visibility rain stormsThe pants come with bootstraps to keep them down and zippers by the cuffs to allow ease in putting on and taking off.3M reflective striping throughout the top and bottomSuspenders to keep the pant waistband up and under the coat.If you get a one-piece suit you'll be most protected since there's no break in material.  If you have a two-piece suit you don't want rain coming in between the pants and the coat.  So it was important to me to find a set that had suspenders or a bib on the pants to keep them tucked up under the coat.  These do just that.As for fit, I'm 5'11" 185lbs.  I wear a medium in most clothing.  I wanted a suit that would fit over my clothes.  So I ordered a large.  A large on my frame fits over my jeans perfectly.  The rain coat fits perfectly over my leather jacket.  If I were to just wear the rain coat over my shirt, I would want a medium.  But because I always use my leather coat when riding, I needed a large size suit to go over my leather jacket.  The collar is the only snug part of the jacket.  It probably should be the only snug part anyway to keep rain from running down your neck.Mobility is fine in the suit.  I can twist my torso and look over my shoulders with very mild resistance from the material.Bottom line: This 2-piece suit is a good buy.  It has suspenders to keep the pants up.  It's high-visibility green.  It fits great over clothes and a leather jacket.  The inner mesh liner provides adequate breathability.  The price is reasonable compared to other competitors.  I have NOT rain tested this material.  But I'm familiar with the material in general and believe it will provide acceptable coverage.  The product claims to be seam-sealed so that no water will leak in.  If it ends up leaking one could easily buy some seam sealing glue from your local Camping store.
Loved it! First time I have had a rain suit for the Shovel Head. Rained for 400 miles and the only parts that got wet were my face, hands and boots. There was no rain blown up my sleeves or down the neck. Several commented on how well they could see me.
First the voice was not always clear. Sometimes it would give the proper reading and sometimes it would say something nonsensical. I bought this to use on my motorcycle and the head is too big to get between my spokes. It is big and bulky. I am wearing reading glasses now and I thought this would be a way that I would not have to worry about having them to check my tire pressure. It is cheaply made and I would not recommend it.
not only i love this plasma bulbs. the customer service is superb i give it a 5 star for the product and a 10 star for customer service
Garbage not bright yellow don't waste your money. Garbage not bright yellow it painted yellow Werry cheep.Cheep. Cheep.Cheep.Cheep.cheep.Don't buy it
I bought these because I was looking for a bulb that was brighter than the stock bulb.  I paid over $30 for these (along with several other bulbs from the same seller).  THEY ARE NOT ANY BRIGHTER THAN THE STOCK BULB I COULD BUY AT THE LOCAL AUTOZONE FOR FIVE DOLLARS.  WASTE OF MONEY.
I am very disapointed with these, they are not as bright as the Sylvania Silver Star halogen bulbs I wanted to replace. & the silver stars are only $10 per pair. Going with commercial led taillights instead.
Much much lighter than the original ones from Yamaha. Great material. Very well made. Super easy fit. I'm very happy.
Product seemed like it was going to be great. Until I started to put them on, and the hex bolt was way to long!! WTH? Use your old bolts or get a different set. Maybe mine was just a freak occurance, kind of hard to mess up something so easy on purpose. So I'll give the company benefit of the doubt. Didn't return them, just looking for those old bolts still.
These sliders look great on my bike, they also feel heavy and durable which is even better. I would have paid more for these then the price they have listed as It was hard to find the spiked spool sliders for my bike, so thank you!
It's really weird to tighten the bolt, it comes with a special tool. I lost one of them because i was unable to tie it hard enough. Looked really good when it was on.
Finally got these today for my 2005 CBR1000.  I bought them mainly because my right bar end was missing.  The polished aluminum looks real nice!But be aware that they are larger than the stock bar ends.  This caused them pinch my rubber grips and thus cause the throttle to stick.  To fix, I trimmed the edge of my throttle grip which allowed for some gap.  Unfortunately, the exacto knife I used was a bit dull so the trim job looks kinda crappy.  Oh well, beats having a sticky throttle.I still like them, though.
They look great and are real sharp looking. They are a little thin but it doesn't affect my driving ability. The good out weighs the bad and I would definitely by them again. I've read other posts and if the color of the grips change in the Florida sun i will be sure to make an update. Ride Safe!
Hand grips look great in the beginning, black and nice, however this will not last hand grips will change color from black to brown will in my case they did, contacted seller I recommend a photo for damages they inclined, sent photo, however they informed me cant change re: 30 days return has ended.
Thank you very much. My son was extremely happy. He couldn't wait to put them on as soon as I gave them to him.
Really Stoked for my new grips, just got them on yesterday!! Feels natural and didnt have any problems installing. A lil time consuming and patients is key but definitely would do it again!! Great Product and For sure a Rubber Necker at the stop lights. Makes the bike look meaner and obiviously more custom with the GSXR on the grips.
First off... they are hard to get used to and they are slippery with regular riding gloves. (get gloves with awesome silicon grips ALL OVER the palm and fingers).Installation: if you know what you are doing installation should only take about 20-30 min.If you have larger hands these might be iffy. They are a slimmer grip. If you look closely at the picture you can see the concave toward the center of the grip.As with all grips, I advise using some sort of adhesive spray, especially on the clutch side. The allen screws are there, but they are not nearly enough. I was riding to work one day and the grip slid off as I was bringing the front wheel back down because I did not spray enough glue. Took it home, sprayed a lot more glue and NEVER had another issue.Like I said, they are hard to get used to because of the lack of grip. But they look great.
they look good on my bike. really is a eye catcher, and the best part is ,they didnt hurt my pockets. i would buy from you again.
I ordered this product for my husband, and he loves them. They look great and he has had no problems as of yet with them slipping off. He has had these on for several weeks now. Gets tons of compliments
These laser enhanced spike grips are great... They are very comfortable on the hands... I thouht at first I was going to have a problem with the grips getting hit it the sun but they dont... They also make my bike stand out a lot more too... For anyone who is thinking abt getting them for there bike, u are not making a mistake...
Excellent.  Would recommend to everyone. Easy to install a little rough on palms but still worth every penny.. took a long trip to Daytona with them on
Got these to bling out my 50 cc scooter and replace the cheap, hard grips that came with it.  Installation instructions made them a breeze to put on.  They feel great and look cool, hand fatigue is much reduced.
Loved the product easy to install, had an issue with one of the lights but they were quick to and didn't hesitate to send me another one! And for that they deserve a 5 star rating!! Love the service guys, keep up the good work!
installed on a 2004 lexus rx330its a great looking addition for night time to see around the car and it looks cool! installation was simple, i took off my sideskirts and drilled even holes to fit 5 lights on each side. then i wired each side to the &#34;lexus&#34; logo by the bottom on the inside of the driver and passenger side so that it would gradually become brighter rather than abruptlyit was tricky finding a route to hide the wires, i had to go behind the front wheel wells and wired it up to the inside. it looks great and is very handy, highly recommend for a fun/easy mod
So I bought these cause I was switching over to clear turn signal assemblies and still wanted that amber/orange color light and I couldn't find any this size as a regular bulb.Cons:* Not bright.* Barely visible during a sunny day.* Very loose in light socket.
These bulbs are MUCH longer than a standard 194 bulb.  Consequentally, I can not even use the bulb because it wont fit in my tail light.
The product did everything it was intended to do. I unplugged the old bulb, plugged the LED replacement in. Light happened.
Really bright, white light!  I think I will put them in all of my vehicles in the near future!  Good price also
I bought Red Dual Filament LED lights for my rear taillights and Brake light,s Big Mistake Should have used White Dual Filament lights because the lens are red and the red light makes it seem dimmer than the regular bulbs ! If your lens are red buy White Lights !!
Super super fast shipping...easy to install....just plug in...... no tools needed ......look awsome in my car.....would highly recommend to anyone.....item was exactly as described......
Easy installation, improvement over standard car lights, description as advertised, saves in battery life - bright looking lighting for my SUV.
about 70% as bright as the stock bulbs, which is not terrible. A good choice if you just need them for the instant on capability of LEDs, or to use in conjunction with a brake light modulator, or just to reduce current draw. They look kinda pretty but lack the coverage really necessary to properly utilize a standard reflector housing.
These bulbs helped me blow another set of fuses! They are terrible stay away also the build qulaity was horrendous and the smds were not soldered professionally!
Received the bulbs as described.. No issues.. Heavier bulb than expected and bright.. Appears a true heat sink around LEDS, not plastic..
very nice product and good product, I will order again if more products will become and my daughter love it.
I love my bows..They are a pretty decent size & they arrived on time. The seller also gave me a free bonus Hello Kitty decal of the outline of Hello Kitty's face. It was white and cute & will be added to my truck to make it even more cute. I will most definitely order from this seller again!
Sticks well. I purchased two. One for my car and one for my daughter's corvette power wheels. It sticks on the plastic and does not peel.
those bows are exactly how they said BUT the only thing that was wrong with this was that they put the bows to close together one of the bows as a cut and it's noticable i was unable to fix it due to them over lapping one another just abit.
The bows arrived in excellent condition. My granddaughter was thrilled. She had lost all her Hello Kitty decals in a car wreck. She had minor injuries for which we are thankful especially since the woman who hit her  hit hard enough to trigger the air bags.
These are exactly what I wanted! After reading other reviews, I was a little hesitant because some said they were too big or too small, BUT I liked the first ones I ordered so much that I places another order as a backup set. The second order had bigger bows than my first order did, so just note that they COULD be smaller or larger than expected, but that clears up the mixed reviews.
Wayyyy smaller than expected. But cute Hello Kitty bows! I wouldn't say they are car decals because of the size but good quality vinyl.
Love the vinyl sticker... and it's durable, too.  I decorated my pink and white jet ski with Hello Kitty and this stayed on quite well this summer despite the water and exposure to the weather.
I love Hello Kitty and these decals are going to go beautifully on my car when I finish gathering my stickers!
They're cute, but they're super tiny and I was expecting something bigger. I didn't even bother putting them on my car-- they're much to small. They arrived on time though and the color is very pretty and bright.
This was very cute on my car and easy to put on as well. Looks great and has stayed on from the car wash too.
I really like the decals. I received them very quickly. They were easy to apply. I just wish the were a little larger.
Got this for my brand new car. It makes it look girly which I like Will be ordering more products from here
They came super fast & i am very pleased! To all my Hello Kitty fans this will make your car look fabulous! Love these totally!
These bow stickers are too precious. They are a bit larger than shown in picture which worked out perfectly for me. Deliver was very prompt and in perfect condition. I will definitely order from this seller again!!!
How big//length  is the hellokitty bow vinyl sicker??? I'm trying to see if its the correct size to order it and place it on the back miorr of my car
Perfect gift for lover of Hello Kitty, Very cute and unusual fits most cars even new ones. She loved them
The stickers were awesome , they were just smaller than I expected them to be, I wouldn't name the product car decal because there small bows
They look amazing! Very bright red.  Brings out the red accent (assuming you have a red accented car) in your car.2 things to know before you buy (wouldn't have changed my mind if I knew before hand)- They are slightly smaller than the OEM decals.  Not a big deal just a little FYI- Each letter is an individual piece that sticks.  It's not a single piece decal like the OEM.All-in-all Perfect! I love the vibrant red and it's only $3!!! LOL Definitely a great buy and perfect for the little extra "non-stock" look.
High quality and bright vinyl, required modifying for my application but the transfer paper was sticky yet forgiving, and went on without a hitch. Highly recommend.
easy to install. good looking and nice quality. buy these to accent your Honda bought a  set of three colors for less than the price on one from another seller.
I originally got the blue lights by Cree until I found out that I could be pulled over for them. I switched with these white lights and it looks better this way anyway. They match my headlights and give my car a nice finish. Way better than the amber oem lights. I have had them in for over a month now and both are still working and I have been doing a lot of driving. All in all I think they are a pretty good deal.
I have a 2013 honda accord sport an it makes my car look sexy. I would totally recommend this product.
Looks grear but a DRL sign turn on on the dash board, I sent a message to the saler of this product to know if there is a solution, but no one answer me. Regards.
LED plugged and played like the should. So much nicer than the factory yellow looking lights. VeryEasy to install.
This just accents the car even more. I drive a 2013 Honda accord sport and the lights just make it POP. Super sharp.
So far very satisfied does what I need it to do charge up my phone in the car and the bright blue light makes it easy to see that it is charging.
